doc: Add retry options to cli configuration (#741)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/reference/configuration/cli.md

- `input-format`: Input format
- `output-format`: Output format

> The CLI is capable of retrying requests that received errors of the type `ResourceExausthed` and `Unavailable`, by default this behaviour is disabled but can be set through the following configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI is capable of retrying requests that were rejected by the rate limiter: errors of type `ResourceExhausted` and `Unavailable`. By default, this behavior is disabled but can be set through the following configurations:
```
